adds fill_nulls_with to all metric types (#4768)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/derived-metrics.md

| `metrics` |  The list of metrics used in the derived metrics. | Required  |
| `alias` | Optional alias for the metric that you can use in the expr. | Optional |
| `filter` | Optional filter to apply to the metric. | Optional |

> | `fill_nulls_with` | Set the value to zero instead of null in your metric definition. | Optional |

Author: ```suggestion
| `fill_nulls_with` | Set the value in your metric definition instead of null (such as zero). | Optional |
```

    type: derived # Required
    label: The value that will be displayed in downstream tools #Required
    type_params: # Required

>       fill_nulls_with: Set value to zero instead of null # Optional

Author: ```suggestion
      fill_nulls_with: Set the value in your metric definition instead of null (such as zero) # Optional
```
